Adds SSH key forwarding support for cli (#1080)
docksal/docksal: docs/content/stack/configuration-variables.md

Docker image to use for DNS Routing.

### CI

This is a global variable. When set, enables CI mode:

- Sets `DOCKSAL_VHOST_PROXY_IP="0.0.0.0"`, which opens vhost-proxy to the world.
- Reports the instance as a CI instance (vs local), so our anonymous usage stats are not skewed.

> - Allows SSH agent forwarding from ci/dev to sandbox server to cli containers (only works on Linux servers). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allows [SSH agent forwarding](https://developer.github.com/v3/guides/using-ssh-agent-forwarding/) that makes SSH keys which were set on the CI server to be automatically available inside `cli` containers by automatically passing `SSH_AUTH_SOCK` variable to them (only works on Linux servers). 
```
